Bottle 0.11 released!
#####################

:date: 2012-10-09
:author: Marcel Hellkamp

The bottle-0.11-rc1 development branch is stable for some time now, widely used and excessively tested. There is no reason to not release it. So, here it is:

* PyPi: `bottle-0.11 (stable) <http://pypi.python.org/pypi/bottle>`_
* Changelog: http://bottlepy.org/docs/0.11/changelog.html#release-0-11

Changelog (summary)
===================

* **Native support for Python 2.x and 3.x syntax. No need to run 2to3 anymore.**
* Python 3.3 added to the list of officially supported versions (2.5, 2.6, 2.7, 3.1, 3.2, 3.3)
* Support for partial downloads (``Range`` header) in ``static_file()``.
* The new `ResourceManager` interface helps locating files bundled with an application.
* Added a server adapter for `waitress <http://docs.pylonsproject.org/projects/waitress/en/latest/>`_.
* New `Bottle.merge()` method to install all routes from one application into another.
* New `Request.app` property to get the application object that handles a request.
* Added `FormsDict.decode()` to get an all-unicode version (for WTForms).

Upgrade Notes
=============

With this new release, bottle-0.10 becomes 'old stable' and support for bottle-0.9 runs out. If you are still using bottle-0.9 (or lower), you should consider upgrading. Bug-fixes are only provided for 'stable' and 'old stable'.

Bottle maintains backwards compatibility to 'old stable' as usual. If you fixed all deprecation warnings in your bottle-0.10 application, it should run just fine after the upgrade.



